Proposal due date: 12th of August 2022
Proposal overview: Use this space to outline your proposal and what it is about
Public Request for tenders by teams to Create and Launch a XOR coin flip game on Sora Network 50/50 odds of winning/losing
Proposal goals: What does your proposal seek to achieve? How will it benefit the current technology and community if it is approved? (“Making me more money” is not a benefit)
XOR Coin flip will bring a fun dapp to SORA where community members can try their luck in a transparent decentralised method where the player has no disadvantaged odds to the house.
The game will bring more demand and utility to the XOR token and more transactions to the sora network.
Scope of work: 
On-chain game or feature development. Pallet?
Use the graphics of sora.org. Redesign so one side is written SORA and the other is the logo.
Integrate in SORA network
Current roadblocks and barriers to success: 
Finding a qualified developer. Substrate has all the required functions to build the dapp including the verifiable random function (VRF)
- Making sure this dapp does not give SORA a negative/casino connotation
Evaluation metrics and criteria: 
The dapp requirements are as follows:
Build a dapp that executes a 50/50 win/lose scenario, with a randomised outcome that pays out 2x the buy-in cost if the outcome is a win. The player received no payout if the outcome is a loss.
Liquidity for the game to be provided  by SORA governance through minting XOR
With 50/50 odds the cost to SORA governance would be net zero
Game costs should be a fixed price to reduce the possibility of large outliers and irresponsible players.
The goal is to have at least 1,000 additional transactions on the SORA network per day in the first 3 months, increasing to at least 10,000 transactions per day after 12 months.
Submission requirements: Looking for 1 developer with Substrate experience, and 1 UI/UX designer.
Submission method: https://github.com/sora-xor/rfps/tree/master/open_rfps
