Proposal Due Date
9th of March 2022

PROPOSAL OVERVIEW

   # What is Curve ?

Curve is an automated market maker (AMM) platform that offers a highly efficient way to exchange tokens while maintaining low fees and low slippage by only accommodating liquidity pools made up of similarly behaving assets. While this approach results in lower fees for the liquidity providers who supply the pools with tokens, Curve incentivizes their participation by integrating with external DeFi protocols and delivering rewards in the form of CRV tokens and interest.

   # What is Convex ?

Convex Finance (CVX) is an inventive DeFi protocol built on top of Curve Finance (and Frax Finance). At its core, Convex rewards Curve liquidity providers and CRV stakers with additional DeFi yields.

   # Curve wars

The aggressive push by Convex to lock up as much Curve liquidity as possible has thrown the protocol into a DeFi war with Yearn Finance. Both projects need all the CRV tokens they can get to keep increasing interest rates for Curve LPs. 

As various DeFi protocols competed against each other to secure the governance right of Curve Finance, the protocol which secured the most veCRV, referring to the governance voting power of Curve Finance, is Convex Finance, which holds approximately 42% of the total amount in circulation. 

This means that Convex Finance has the most voting power in the governance of Curve Finance, which ultimately means that Convex Finance will be able to decide which liquidity pool to apply to the Curve Finance’s gauge weights (reward boost).

Tracking CVX Owned by DAOs : daocvx.com

   # Voting and gauge

When the TVL reaches 1 million dollars, we propose to make a governance proposal on the Curve DAO to have a gauge on the factory pool. 

But what does a gauge allow ? A gauge is a system set up by Curve that allows a pool to be eligible for $CRV rewards from the issuance of new $CRV. The amount of $CRV allocated to a pool varies each week depending on the number of $veCRV ($CRV locks) that have voted for that pool, these are called gauges weight. 

This is the only place that does not depend on the SORA DAO and could be a problem if the proposal is rejected during the Curve vote.

   # Bribing on Votium strategy
Now comes the most interesting part of this proposal !
The ultimate goal of having a XSTUSD - 3crv pool is not only to earn interest on it, but also to increase the TVL of XSTUSD and increase demand for XOR.
To increase the TVL of the factory pool, we need rewards that incentivize locking XSTUSD in this pool. This is what the gauges on Curve allow, as explained above.
But the question is : How to attract $veCRV holders to vote for the pool ? Simply by buying their vote, what we call bribes.
There are various ways to buy votes but the most profitable way for SORA would be by using Votium. The Votium app allows people who have locked $CVX, and therefore own $vlCVX, to vote bi-weekly on the Curve governance weight gauges.
In effect, each $CVX controls the voting power of 4.81 $veCRV (at the time of writing). Projects that want more $CRV rewards will decide to deposit a certain amount of money on Votium that rewards $vlCVX holders who go to vote for their pool in the weekly vote.
To give you an idea of the power of bribes, an anonymous person decided to deposit $9k in $MTA on the musd pool the week of October 4-10th.
Here is the result: https://twitter.com/DefiMoon/status/1445566272691847183 8
Moreover, between October 7th and 11th, the supply of $mUSD went from 27 million to 40 million tokens, representing a growth of 48%.
Data:
Dune Analytics 1
Dune Analytics
To make these bribes we can reward in $XOR. 

   # Strategy after 6 months

We believe to have the biggest positive impact on the XSTUSD-3CRV pool, the bribes are the most efficient way (well beyond the liquidity mining programs). However, in the mid-term, this will be costly for SORA (despite the gains from the bribes). The community can propose and vote on potentially extending the bribe mint period after 6 months.
Including a strategy of buying $CVX and then locking them into $vlCVX to continue to vote on the factory pool after the bribes end would allow them to continue to receive rewards in $CRV while being the most efficient.
It is also more interesting to buy $CVX rather than $CRV, because relative to the price of the 2 tokens the $CVX controls more $veCRV, and therefore voting power, than the $CRV itself.



PROPOSAL GOALS

The proposal will add value to the whole ecosystem and all token holders will benefit:
SORA will reach a whole new (DeFi) audience and gain exposure to thousands of new people, ideas, money, builders and opportunities. This would be the first Dotsama stablecoin participating in the Curve Wars.
Demand for XSTUSD will increase demand for XOR, burn XOR and thus lower the circulating supply and increase the economic value of XOR. We create higher demand and more scarcity for XOR. Ultimately we try to get to the TBC price.
All XSTUSD minting and the majority of XOR swaps/buys happens on Polkaswap, which will increase volume, burn speed, adoption and users. This is good for PSWAP earners and holders. 
VAL holders and airdrop right holders will see a faster release of token due to more TX on the SORA network.  

This is the next chapter in spreading knowledge on SORA and XSTUSD, not the endgame. The community will monitor and review to see how we proceed. XOR and XSTUSD are similar to LUNA and UST, and more people will start to see this potential as we start using the benefits of this dynamic.
Moreover, XOR has superior token design which can attract new innovators to build with XOR and/or on SORA.

SCOPE OF WORK

Mint XOR to add to the XSTUSD-3CRV pool on Curve.
After winning gauge on Curve: mint XOR bi-weekly for the bribes on Votium

STEP 1: 
Mint $1 Million in XOR and swap for XSTUSD, to add to the XSTUSD-3CRV liquidity pool on Curve.

This will give us a significantly higher chance to get awarded a gauge on Curve.
A governance proposal for the Curve community (CRV holders) to vote on our gauge candidacy is being drafted, we first need more liquidity in the pool for a few weeks to have a chance.

STEP 2:
Once gauge has been awarded, 
Mint 2 times bi-weekly $50k in XOR for the first 2 bribe rounds on Votium
(2) mint 2 times bi-weekly $100k in XOR for the next 2 bribe rounds on Votium, 
(3) mint 4 times bi-weekly $150k in XOR for the next 4 bribe rounds on Votium, 
(4) review to decide on mint size for the next 4 bribe rounds. 
This totals 6 months of bribing for CRV allocation to the XSTUSD-3CRV pool.


Target: $50 Million value in the XSTUSD-3CRV pool after 4 months, $75 Million after 6 months

You can track the bribes of other protocols on https://llama.airforce/#/votium/rounds/12 



CURRENT ROADBLOCKS AND BARRIERS TO SUCCESS

Allocating the minted XOR to the Pool on Curve Finance, and allocating the bribes to Votium needs to be done manually by a single person/entity. This can’t be done trustlessly.

The exact interest and buying pressure in XOR and XSTUSD can not be calculated, only a rough estimation based on other protocols with similar incentives is possible.
E.g. RAI amassed a pool of $67 Million on Curve and gives bi-weekly bribes of $100-155K in FLX https://llama.airforce/#/votium/rounds/12 

We can only start bribing and gain interest in XSTUSD once we have a gauge on Curve.
For this we need: XSTUSD security audit (pending), holding the peg for a longer period of time (should be OK) and have at least $1 Million in the pool. We currently have $360K in the pool without incentive for new money, hence the proposal to mint.


EVALUATION METRICS AND CRITERIA
Milestone 1:
Mint XOR and win gage on Curve Finance for the XSTUSD-3CRV pool

Milestone 2:
Mint XOR to bribe on Votium and attract at least $50 Million, 4 months after starting to bribe.


SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS

Needed from PoCoCo/ SORA:

Written and video Tutorials on:
How to buy XOR and XSTUSD:
 via Moonpay and bridge to Polkaswap, 
ERC-20 on exchanges like gate and Uniswap and bridge to Polkaswap
On Polkaswap.io where you can immediately swap for XSTUSD
How to make a Polkadot.js account and connect to Polkaswap
How to bridge to Curve via metamask and add liquidity to the pool to earn CRV.
How to vote on XSTUSD-3CRV pool with your rewards, to guarantee later rewards.
